Wenxue, you finally got what you wanted
I should have said the other way around.
Who did the tricks one by one last night?
It made my waist sore, that stinky rascal
You are just greedy for my body
The beauty of the concubine is inconvenient
If I don't want your body
Not a man anymore
You want to compensate me
Yes, feel free to mention any compensation you want.
Leave the money for building Yaotai to me
Can you keep an account?
No, I can learn.
Yes, I happen to have a set of double-entry bookkeeping
I can give it to you.
Do you still manage the accounts?
I love the Son of Heaven
What doesn't matter?
Anyway, just remember one thing
The core of this Fuji bookkeeping payment is
Where there is a loan, there must be a loan
Borrowing must be equal
I didn't expect you to have some real skills
I don't just have real skills
That's a real deal.
There are talents in this world. Once I monopolize the nine dou
Other mediocre people share
I don't think we can talk today
Said you were fat and you were still panting
I'm just telling the truth
Then why do you want to be a fool?
These civil and military officials feel that they are greater than the crowd
The Ming Dynasty was flourishing
It's bigger than the malfunction.
Chickens have been around for a long time
The country has long been
Zhenggu
How to fight against the upright gentleman in the court
Your Majesty
King Jing brings together Shandong and Guannongmenfa clan to meet
publicity
Shandong and Guan Nongmenfa Clan